# Laptop Integration Testing Update - February 2026

## Summary

In February, the Laptop Integration Testing project made progress on its community contribution workflow for submitting test reports and KDE installer improvements.

## Completed

* End-to-end testing on the Framework desktop and Lenovo Yoga 11e laptop is now complete. No new issues were found.
* The [Ly TUI display manager](https://codeberg.org/fairyglade/ly) is now the new default login method on installations using the KDE desktop installer script. This support was merged in [alfix/kde-installer-dialogs!10 - Add Ly display manager support to FreeBSD installer](https://gitlab.com/alfix/kde-installer-dialogs/-/merge_requests/10)
* Investigation into KDE Plasma instability issues is complete. With newer drm-kmod versions, there are no more issues found with a current KDE 5.5+ from Ports.

## In Progress

* To help users discover laptops/desktops that have the FreeBSD hardware and software support they need, we intend to maintain an official "matrix of compatibility" webpage. This page is undergoing active design and development here: [FreeBSD Laptop Compatibility](https://shreeney.github.io/freebsd-laptop-testing/). Please feel free to provide your feedback by starting a discussion on our [Github repo](https://github.com/FreeBSDFoundation/freebsd-laptop-testing/discussions).
* We started evaluating the current state of GPU passthrough with Bhyve, targeting Windows VMs to start.

## Challenges

* Sourcing inexpensive drm-kmod supported AMD and Intel dGPUs for testing GPU passthrough with Bhyve.

## Next Steps

* Create a live FreeBSD memstick image capable of testing a laptop which does not have FreeBSD installed to disk.
* Submit end-to-end test reports for all laptops available to the FreeBSD Foundation's developers
